Migration Portal - New release branch (#4891)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/migration_portal/4/known_issues_notes.mdx

#### Profiles

> The Migration Portal migrates non-`DEFAULT` profiles assigned to the schema users. Oracle profiles include both password and resource limits.  EDB Postgres Advanced Server only supports the Oracle password related limits.  Resource limits are extracted with the profiles, but only the password limits are uploaded, assessed, and migrated by the Migration Portal.  Also, in the Oracle database, the `DEFAULT` profile may have been overridden with new limit values. The EDB DDL Extractor extracts `ALTER PROFILE` statements for `DEFAULT` profiles that have been overridden in the Oracle database, and Migration Portal attempts to apply these statements in the target EDB Postgres Advanced Server database. If the schema is being migrated to an EDB Postgres Advanced Server instance with existing users and databases, we recommend that the settings of the `ALTER PROFILE DEFAULT` statement be verified and updated, if necessary, before migrating the DDL to the target database.

Author: ```suggestion
The Migration Portal migrates non-`DEFAULT` profiles assigned to the schema users. Oracle profiles include both password and resource limits.  EDB Postgres Advanced Server only supports the Oracle password related limits.  Resource limits are extracted with the profiles, but the Migration Portal only uploads, assesses, and migrates the password limits.  Also, the `DEFAULT` profile may have been overridden in the Oracle database with new limit values. The EDB DDL Extractor extracts `ALTER PROFILE` statements for `DEFAULT` profiles that are overridden in the Oracle database, and the Migration Portal attempts to apply these statements in the target EDB Postgres Advanced Server database. If the schema is being migrated to an EDB Postgres Advanced Server instance with existing users and databases, we recommend that the settings of the `ALTER PROFILE DEFAULT` statement be verified and updated, if necessary, before migrating the DDL to the target database.
```
